add docs for generic oauth 2.0 connector (#91)
dexidp/website: content/docs/connectors/oauth.md

---
title: "Authentication Through an Generic OAuth 2.0 Provider"
linkTitle: "Generic OAuth 2.0"
description: ""
date: 2021-03-15
draft: false
toc: true

> weight: 2050

Reviewer: This is the same weight as oidc -- which means it will be next to it in the menus. Is this a good position for this page?

Reviewer: ![Screen Shot 2021-03-15 at 11 43 55 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4453979/111205139-d0e6d000-85be-11eb-8610-0cdd1e302eec.png)

Author: thx for pointing that out! Didn't think about this value as i took it from OIDC doc directly. 

How is the weight being decided (relevance/importance/users number/time being added)? Though, this connector is indeed close to OIDC connector since OIDC is just a layer on top of oauth 2.0 protocol.

Reviewer: Maybe we slot it in above OIDC then, Thoughts @sagikazarmark?

```suggestion
weight: 2045
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry for interfering. I thought connectors should be in the order they appear in the table on the index page. If you want it to be above OIDC, you need to change it's the order in the table as well.

Reviewer 3: Personally, I'd like to see this list sorted by importance (arbitrary) and alphabetical. Eg.:

- OIDC
- OAuth 2.0
- SAML
- LDAP
- Provider specific connectors in alphabetical order

So I guess for now it's fine under OIDC.

Author: Set it to `2055` so it goes under OIDC. Also positioned it under OIDC in the connectors table.

---

## Overview

> Dex users can make use of this connector to work with standards-compliant [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) authorization provider, in case of that authorization provider is not in the Dex connectors list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dex users can make use of this connector to work with standards-compliant [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) authorization providers, in case of that authorization provider is not in the Dex connectors list.
```

> Dex users can make use of this connector to work with standards-compliant [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) authorization provider, in case of that authorization provider is not in the Dex connectors list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dex users can make use of this connector to work with standards-compliant [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) authorization providers, in case those authorization providers are not already in the Dex connectors list.
```

## Configuration

The following is an example of a configuration for using OAuth connector with Reddit.

```yaml
connectors:
- type: oauth
  # ID of OAuth 2.0 provider
  id: reddit 
  # Name of OAuth 2.0 provider
  name: reddit
  config:
    # Connector config values starting with a "$" will read from the environment.
    clientID: $REDDIT_CLIENT_ID
    clientSecret: $REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET
    redirectURI: http://127.0.0.1:5556/callback

    tokenURL: https://www.reddit.com/api/v1/access_token
    authorizationURL: https://www.reddit.com/api/v1/authorize
    userInfoURL: https: https://www.reddit.com/api/v1/me
 

>     # Optional: Specify whether to communicate to Auth provider without validating SSL certificates

Reviewer: I suggest breaking this line so we don't render the horizontal scrollbar in the code snippet.
```suggestion
    # Optional: Specify whether to communicate to Auth provider without
    # validating SSL certificates
```

    # insecureSkipVerify: false

>     # Optional: The location of file containing SSL certificates to commmunicate to Auth provider 

Reviewer: I suggest breaking this line so we don't render the horizontal scrollbar in the code snippet box
```suggestion
    # Optional: The location of file containing SSL certificates to commmunicate
    # to Auth provider 
```

---
title: "Authentication Through an Generic OAuth 2.0 Provider"

> linkTitle: "Generic OAuth 2.0"

Reviewer 3: Do we need the word "generic" in the name? OAuth 2.0 seems just fine to me.

description: ""
date: 2021-03-15

> draft: false

Reviewer 3: I think we should make it a draft and merge it to master. Once the feature is released, we can flip the switch.

Reviewer 3: This would also be a great opportunity to figure #92 out. @nate-double-u do you think you can help us out with that?

Reviewer: I'd be happy to take a look

Reviewer: > I think we should make it a draft and merge it to master. Once the feature is released, we can flip the switch.

Have to be careful with that -- this PR touches a couple files
